admin: backpressure: updating for style and consistency (#1511)
fluent/fluent-bit-docs: administration/backpressure.md

<img referrerpolicy="no-referrer-when-downgrade" src="https://static.scarf.sh/a.png?x-pxid=63e37cfe-9ce3-4a18-933a-76b9198958c1" />

It's possible for logs or data to be ingested or created faster than the ability to
flush it to some destinations. A common scenario is when reading from big log files,
especially with a large backlog, and dispatching the logs to a backend over the

> network, which takes time to respond. This generates backpressure leading to high

Reviewer: ```suggestion
network, which takes time to respond. This generates _backpressure_, leading to high
```

memory consumption in the service.

To avoid backpressure, Fluent Bit implements a mechanism in the engine that restricts
the amount of data an input plugin can ingest. Restriction is done through the
configuration parameters `Mem_Buf_Limit` and `storage.Max_Chunks_Up`.

As described in the [Buffering](../concepts/buffering.md) concepts section, Fluent

> Bit offers two modes for data handling: in-memory only (default) and in-memory +

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Bit offers two modes for data handling: in-memory only (default) and in-memory and
```

filesystem (optional).

The default `storage.type memory` buffer can be restricted with `Mem_Buf_Limit`. If
memory reaches this limit and you reach a backpressure scenario, you won't be able
to ingest more data until the data chunks that are in memory can be flushed. The
input pauses and Fluent Bit
[emits](https://github.com/fluent/fluent-bit/blob/v2.0.0/src/flb_input_chunk.c#L1334)
a `[warn] [input] {input name or alias} paused (mem buf overlimit)` log message.

> Depending on the input plugin in use, this might lead to discard incoming data (for
> example, TCP input plugin). The tail plugin can handle pause without data loss; it
> stores its current file offset and resumes reading later. When buffer memory is
> available, the input resumes accepting logs. Fluent Bit

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Depending on the input plugin in use, this might cause incoming data to be discarded
(for example, TCP input plugin). The tail plugin can handle pauses without data
ingloss, storing its current file offset and resuming reading later. When buffer
memory is available, the input resumes accepting logs. Fluent Bit
```

[emits](https://github.com/fluent/fluent-bit/blob/v2.0.0/src/flb_input_chunk.c#L1277)
a `[info] [input] {input name or alias} resume (mem buf overlimit)` message.

Mitigate the risk of data loss by configuring secondary storage on the filesystem
using the `storage.type` of `filesystem` (as described in [Buffering &
Storage](buffering-and-storage.md)). Initially, logs will be buffered to both memory
and the filesystem. When the `storage.max_chunks_up` limit is reached, all new data

> will be stored safely in the filesystem. Fluent Bit stops queueing new data in memory
> and will only buffers to the filesystem. When `storage.type filesystem` is set, the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
will be stored in the filesystem. Fluent Bit stops queueing new data in memory and
buffers only to the filesystem. When `storage.type filesystem` is set, the
```

`Mem_Buf_Limit` setting no longer has any effect. Instead, the `[SERVICE]` level
`storage.max_chunks_up` setting controls the size of the memory buffer.

## `Mem_Buf_Limit`

> `Mem_Buf_Limit` only applies with the default `storage.type memory`. This option is

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`Mem_Buf_Limit` applies only with the default `storage.type memory`. This option is
```

disabled by default and can be applied to all input plugins.

As an example situation:

- `Mem_Buf_Limit` is set to `1MB`.

> - The input plugin tries to append 700KB.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The input plugin tries to append 700&nbsp;KB.
```

- The engine routes the data to an output plugin.
- The output plugin backend (HTTP Server) is down.
- Engine scheduler retries the flush after 10 seconds.

> - The input plugin tries to append 500KB.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The input plugin tries to append 500&nbsp;KB.
```

> In this situation, the engine allows appending those 500KB of data into the memory,
> with a total of 1.2 MB of data buffered. The limit is permissive and will

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In this situation, the engine allows appending those 500&nbsp;KB of data into the memory,
with a total of 1.2&nbsp;MB of data buffered. The limit is permissive and will
```

allow a single write past the limit. Once the limit is exceeded, the following
actions are taken:

- Block local buffers for the input plugin (can't append more data).
- Notify the input plugin, invoking a `pause` callback.

The engine protects itself and won't append more data coming from the input plugin in
question. It's the responsibility of the plugin to keep state and decide what to do
in a `paused` state.

> In a few seconds, if the scheduler was able to flush the initial 700KB of data or it

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In a few seconds, if the scheduler was able to flush the initial 700&nbsp;KB of data or it
```

has given up after retrying, that amount of memory is released and the following
actions occur:

> - Upon data buffer release (700KB), the internal counters get updated.
> - Counters now are set at 500KB.
> - Since 500KB is &lt; 1 MB it checks the input plugin state.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Upon data buffer release (700&nbsp;KB), the internal counters get updated.
- Counters now are set at 500&nbsp;KB.
- Because 500&nbsp;KB isless than 1&nbsp;MB, it checks the input plugin state.
```

- If the plugin is paused, it invokes a `resume` callback.
- The input plugin can continue appending more data.

## `storage.max_chunks_up`

The `[SERVICE]` level `storage.max_chunks_up` setting controls the size of the memory
buffer. When `storage.type filesystem` is set, the `Mem_Buf_Limit` setting no longer
has an effect.

The setting behaves similar to the `Mem_Buf_Limit` scenario when the non-default
`storage.pause_on_chunks_overlimit` is enabled.

When (default) `storage.pause_on_chunks_overlimit` is disabled, the input won't pause

> when the memory limit is reached. Instead, it switches to only buffering logs in

Reviewer: ```suggestion
when the memory limit is reached. Instead, it switches to buffering logs only in
```
